you are watching adoramatv hi and
welcome to adoramatv iPad app reviews
i'm mark wallace well today we're
talking about binary photo this is a
little app that allows you to put your
photos in here and convert them to
absolute black and white images so
something you might have seen way back
in the day when dot matrix printers were
popular this is just solid white and
solid black and nothing in between and
this made specifically to update your
Facebook or social media profile
pictures and things like that so just a
lot of fun and it's a really simple app
solista closer look at photo binary when
you launch binary photo you see this
image and that's what images are
supposed to look like when you're
finished editing them with the app one
of the things I noticed is I couldn't
get fine details like this girl's jacket
here to come out the way it looks on
these images but that's okay let me show
you how it works and then I'll show you
how you can share your photos with your
social media network the first thing
we're going to do is going here to the
settings tab and on this you can turn on
or off the high quality preview and I
recommend turning that on because if you
leave it off you'll see that there's a
bunch of jaggies in your image so I like
this and the other thing you can do here
is you can auto save to your photo
library so by default when you're done
you can save your images to a photo
gallery but it's not your photo library
so to automatically do that you need to
turn that on I'm going to leave it off
for now now to do this it's really easy
first all you do is either you take a
photo or you choose one so I'm going to
choose one from my photo gallery I'm
going to just tap you to choose a photo
I'll zip into my photo stream I'll go
through this really quickly and what I'm
going to do here is I'm going to take a
photo that I shot and this is my friend
Abraham we were having a breakfast in
New York and you can see that I can move
this slider left and right to adjust
where the black comes in and how much of
that is white so you can see that
there's not a lot of detail but that's
what it's supposed to look like it's
supposed to be a binary absolutely black
or absolutely white now one of the
things you can do is you can push this
to create a direct- of that I don't like
that I'll turn it this other way and
then you can save those by hitting a
little disk button there and it saves
the photo now it doesn't save it to the
photo album
I said earlier that saves it to this
photo gallery and then you can see your
image you can click on it to see it full
screen which is really cool now on this
you can click Share and on share you can
send it through email or Facebook you
can copy it for pasting into another app
you can click more here and you can see
that you can also send it to tumblr or
Twitter which is really cool so you can
share this with all kinds of things i'll
go back here and let's just do one more
really quickly so again i'll choose
photo i'll go into my photo stream I'll
go here here's my little puppy and so
what I'll do is I'll just move this
around here's my little dog tosca and
she looks sort of like I don't know some
kind of Beast so I'll save that and you
can see that now I've got a couple
things in my photo gallery and I can
save those now if I want to save this to
my local gallery I can just hit share
and then I will go two more and then all
say save the photo album and then when I
leave this app go to my photos there it
is in my photo album and I can do all
the things I normally do and the nice
thing is notice in the photo album those
details I told you you couldn't see well
they actually show up here and so when
you're sharing these things and saving
them out that's when you see those fine
details and that's how you can get your
images to look like they actually look
in the application well thanks so much
for joining us today for this review of
photo binary remember if you have an
ipad app that you've developed or you've
seen and you're wondering about it
please send your suggestion to me at ask
mark at adorama.com well thanks again
for joining us I'll see you again next
week this episode is brought to you by
adoramatv visit the Adorama Learning
Center where you'll find photography
tips and techniques links to the gear
used in this episode
and related videos for all the latest
photography video and computer gear
visit adorama.com and the next time
you're in new york city visit our store
located on eighteenth street between
fifth and sixth avenue